docs: update generator getting started with manual setup BLZ-2771 (#3685)
telerik/blazor-docs: ai/agentic-ui-generator/getting-started.md

   1. Install the Telerik MCP server by executing the following command in any standard command-line interface (CLI) or terminal on your operating system:

   ````bash.skip-repl
   dotnet tool install Telerik.Blazor.MCP
   ````

   2. MCP Configuration for VS Code `.vscode/mcp.json` using local tools:

   ````JSON.skip-repl
   {
      "servers": {
         "telerik-blazor-mcp": {
            "type": "stdio",
            "command": "dotnet",
            "args": ["tool", "run", "telerik-blazor-mcp"],
            // set any of the arguments in the 'env' configuration below, if you haven't set up your license file globally 
            //"env": {
            //  "TELERIK_LICENSE_PATH": "THE_PATH_TO_YOUR_LICENSE_FILE",
            //  // or
            //  "TELERIK_LICENSE": "YOUR_LICENSE_KEY"
            //}
         }
      },
      "inputs": []
   }
   ````

   </TabStripTab>
   </TabStrip>
   

>    The server name `telerik-blazor-mcp` can be customized as desired. The name helps distinguish the MCP server in your configuration and does not affect how you invoke the Agentic UI Generator in your prompt.

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice.

```suggestion
   You can customize the server name `telerik-blazor-mcp` as desired. The name helps distinguish the MCP server in your configuration and does not affect how you invoke the Agentic UI Generator in your prompt.
```

.d-print-none button:nth-child(2) {
  display: none !important;
}

> /* Border only on the outermost TabStrip — excludes any TabStrip nested inside another */

Reviewer: We need to request a built-in support for nested tabs, otherwise reconsider the layout. So much custom CSS may require extra effort for maintenance.
